Modify S2091(Common text): Update to the education framework (APPSEC-98) (#1199)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S2091/rationale.adoc

XPath injections occur in an application when the application retrieves

> untrusted data and inserts it into an XML Path (XPath) query without
> it first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
untrusted data and inserts it into an XML Path (XPath) query without sanitizing
it first.
```

> XPath injections occur in an application when the application retrieves data
> from a user or a third-party service and inserts it into an XML Path (XPath)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
XPath injections occur in an application when the application retrieves untrusted data and inserts it into an XML Path (XPath)
```

> query without sanitizing it first.

Author: ```suggestion
it first.
```
